Hi, my name is Ce, and it’s Okay to call me C or CC, if it is hard to pronounce. 
I am an undergraduate Computer Science student at UCL. 
I am in my third year and my graduation date is 6/2023. 
I am thrilled to see your posting of this job, and more than happy to have this interview with you. 

First of all, I would like to talk about my dream and passion.
When I was a young kid, I always got touched by the marvelous world and contagious story presented 
by video games. For example, I learned about the importance of team work from DotA, Mafia series 
taught me to be a responsible man, and Call of Duty demonstrates the cruelty of war, 
RDR2 taught me to work hard to create a better life, not for me, but also for my family a
nd friends. Since then, my dream has been to get into game industry and participating in the 
development of a video game such as these games, and become a crative director like Hideo Kojima.
Because I would like to make games that 
are not only fun, artistic, but also  leave a lasting and positive impact on people's lives, 
especially to teenagers like the younger me.
I want to make this world a better place by making games. 
Doing this job would be a huge step forward on my path of fulfilling my dream.

Secondly, about my experience and prerequisite knowledge and skills that makes me qualified for this job. 
I study Computer Science and my current grade is first class honor. During my spare time, I
had 5 internship experience in or related to game engineering roles.
I will introduce something that is not on the resume. 
I am a life-long learner, I enjoy learning new knowledge on Moocs, and I get familiar with tools quick. 
I am creative - often serving as a designer in my previous projects, I turned many of my interesting ideas into reality, 
dealing with the creative tasks of UI design, page logic, game design, etc. 
Meanwhile, I believe a good team generates more miracles than a talent does. 
s a good communicator, I am good at dealing with the complex interdepartmental communications at work – 
working with designers, develop some mechanics and system in the an ECS match game at Magic Tavern. 
In addition, I always take the initiative to be a team leader where there is a chance. 
As a leader in my previous work, I shouldered the most challenging development work of coding, research a
nd design, coordinated the task sharing and supervised the schedule to ensure the successful project completion. 
So, I believe my overall leadership and teamwork capacities will boost my future career

My hobbies are reading books, watching movies, listening to musics, making videos and playing football and basketball.

I would like to talk about the challenges that I encounterd in the project WAPETS. 
This is a industrial project. Me and my classmates worked as a team with IBM, and 
were supervised by professor at UCL. WAPETS is an AI pet assistant that responds to being 
spoken to, and touch under AR mode. I work as team leader, contributes to AI, desktop application, 
AR mode, UI part using unity. One challenge is that, due to covid, I worked remotely in china, it’s 
hard to get in touch with teammates. At first, I emailed them. And there is no response. I was really stressed and worried, not only about
this project I was very passionate about, but also the mental and physical health of my teammates. So I decided 
to take initiative and become the team leader, contacted the client from IBM and tutor, held meetings to 
discuss about the project. I asked supervisor to help my team come up with a schedule and break out the 
components that each one of us can work on. And this approach worked. After that, I was the host of each meeting with client and the team.

As for technical challenges, Several unexpected bugs were encountered when I 
integrated everything together as a deliverable final prototype. For example, the lights 
dimmed when entering the next scene; Microphone failed to work in build, etc. Many of them can be 
solved by digging answers on forums or stackoverflow, but there is one rather tricky – transparent 
window is not working for 3D object. Traditional configuration by adding a box collider 2D did not 
work. I first thought maybe it’s because the coordinates in 3D world differs with the coordinates 
in 2D UI overlay, so I added the code for coordinate transformation, and an event handler to see 
if the cursor is on object. Now the problem is clearer – the position of cursor is correct, 
but it is not clicked through. So, I took an in-depth look with the source code, studied the code 
checking the condition of set cursor click through. I made changes and fixed the bug.
